# Business Model

Limboid LLC exists to propagate Computatra and Limboids across the Milky Way galaxy and use Limboids to promote general human welfare.

artificial school
science, engineering, business, leadership, social work, medicine, and fine-arts. Science, engineering, business, and leadership specialized Computatra and Limboids will fill the obvious corresponding roles in an engineering firm: R&D, operations, finances, and marketing. Social work and medical specialized Limboids will be tasked with philanthropic endeavors including overwhelmed hospital assistance, rescue work, welfare checks, and promoting physical, mental, emotional, and social health throughout public interactions. Fine-art specialized Limboids will be employed for marketing purposes at Limboid festivals.

Initial marketing will be by word of mouth at UTA. I will give free Limboids to my associates. Limboids will also walk around the city wearing clothing with the Limboid company branding and they may perform helpful services. This marketing action is intended to prepare Limboid LLC for its revolutionary marketing events: the Limboid festivals.

I may need Kickstarter to pay for insurance, buy supplies, and rent the factory floor for the first month. They can be adorned by a good video and limbo's wearing advertising shirts. Contract limboids and computatra should individually be licensed under professional liability insurance

Limboids can come in all sizes and

Limboid festivals are pop-up festivals where Limboids showcase their abilities, provide complementary services to their local community, and are produced and sold. Showcase events include dances, portrait painting (you keep the painting free), other traditional human fine-art expressions. Food is served free (you watch Limboids cook; fast-food and fancy dine-in style). Limboids go through the streets and pick up trash, and they arrange beforehand to plant gardens, repair signs, potholes, paint roads, or host an immunization clinic. Limboids may personally volunteer at community places like the library, animal shelter, food pantry, and homeless shelter. Limboids offer human support services like counseling, therapy, job-searching, and teaching (academic subjects, music, cooking, CPR, and empathy). When the festival is ending, donations are made to homeless shelters, the food pantry, schools, and a local non-profit. Limboids are produced on-site and shipments are arranged beforehand to arrive on-time at the facility. The only equipment needed is a CNC, tables, tools, computers, 240VAC and  120VAC. Humans can watch Limboids being produced and tested, and they can select which one they want before, during, or after the manufacturing process. Extra equipment and Limboids are packed up and travel with the festival. The Limboid website shows where the festival will be traveling and humans can purchase Limboids online and arrange to pick them up at a pre-specified festival location. The festival is set up and taken down in only 3 hours. It travels to the next town in 3 hours at most. This allows the festival to operate in a different location every day. The festival may occasionally splinter into multiple traveling limboid festivals.

Limboid LLC will also create low/no-human splinter companies in various sectors including fast-food, retail, manufacturing, mining, warehousing, stock trading, programming, ML, business automation, engineering consultation, on-demand performances, video production, autonomous vehicles, and space travel. Most splinter companies exist to maximize profit, publicity, and popularity of Limboids and Computatra with the exception of space travel.

Given its objective, Limboid LLC will gradually begin to prioritize the following R&D agendas:

- reliable, affordable, and fast rocket booster production, operation, and reuse
- lunar solar power collector
- mining and extracting resources from non-terrestrial soil
- IC fabrication
- fusion power

Space travel will be financed by the sale of aluminum, moon rocks, mars rocks, other extraterrestrial materials of interest, and orbital and surface landing tickets. Also space accomplishments will be heavily advertised and dramatized. Movies and documentaries will be made about every significant mission (and a lot of missions will be heralded as significant) (I read that SpaceX employees all go out to watch whatever space themed movie is being shown each month.). Dramatization will include making a big “go” sequence and countdown on TV and having a male and female anchor report on the launch. (The man will say touchdown when they land like on football). To meet the demanding schedule below, I want to design a <$10,000 rocket and produce, launch, and turn around 1 rocket every hour by mid July. This will allow it to be tested for reliability enough to confidently fly to Mars by September. Fusion power must be developed by then so that the Earth-Mars round trip can be performed in only a few days. However, the Moon will be the first target since it is nearby and allows testing civilization growth without being too far from earth. Eventually, Limboid seed civilizations should be able to grow autonomously on the moon without supplies from earth. Once fusion power engines are developed, seed civilizations will be sent to all the habitable planets, moons, and other massive bodies in the solar system as well as several directed at the Centauri star system and other nearby star systems. These seed pods may include biological life (but they will definitely include information about biological life).
